{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh14820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Jour352/652: Midterm\
Part 1: Q&A\
Directions:\
1. The only thing you should have open on your desktop is this text file\
in VS Code or ATOM. Do not save it in another format.\
2. You may only use your brain only. Put away all books, papers, notes,\
etc. Put away all electronic devices. Close all browsers and all other\
programs. Do not turn on syntax highlighting.\
4. Answer every question.\
5. If you don't understand what I'm asking for on a question, please ask\
me.\
6. When you are done, please save your document as \'93your-name-midterm-\
pt1.txt\'94 and submit on ELMS. Also, let me know you have completed the\
first portion of your midterm.\
****\
1. In the sentence below, put in the necessary code that would allow\
users to click on the word Google and open Google's homepage in a new\
browser:\
\
<link=\'93google.com\'94 Google is the best search engine in the world. />\
\
\
2. Describe the purpose of a DIV tag.\
\
A div tag is used to grab a certain part of the text to be able to\
customize/further edit using CSS. It acts as a container around a certain\
piece of code in a HTML page.\
\
3. Write out the basic structure of an HTML page, putting the basic tags\
in the correct position. (Note: you don't need to connect it to a\
stylesheet or include DIV tags or anything like that).\
\
<!DOCTSTYLE html>\
	<html lang=\'93en\'94>\
	<head></head>\
		<body></body>\
\
\
4. There are two main "areas" or "sections" in the basic structure of an\
HTML page. In which area would you put a link to a stylesheet?\
\
You would link a stylesheet in the \'93head\'94 section of an HTML page.\
\
5. In which main "area" or "section" of an HTML page would you put text,\
images or DIV tags?\
\
You would put text, images, or DIV tags in the \'93body\'94 section of a page.\
\
6. In the space below, put one DIV tag with a class of graphicbox and a\
second DIV tag with an ID of name.\
\
<div class=\'93graphicbox\'94>\
<div id=\'93name\'94>\
\
7. In the space below, put one DIV tag with an ID of apples and a class\
of fruit.\
\
<div id=\'93apples\'94>\
<div class=\'93fruit\'94>\
\
8. In the space below, write the correct CSS code to target a DIV with a\
class of fruit. Make the color of the text black (#000000).\
\
.fruit \{\
	color:#000000;\
\}\
\
9. What tag would we use to include an image on an HTML page? Just give\
me the name of the tag, you don't have to write out all the code.\
\
You would use the \'93img\'94 tag to include an image on an HTML page.\
\
10. Why do we use media queries?\
\
We use media queries to make sure a page looks good and is responsive on all devices.\
\
11. What is the main difference between a serif and a sans-serif font?\
\
A serif font is a font with curving and outward aspects of font, such as the letter \'93f\'94 being wider at the bottom, or an \'93h\'94 having an overhang at the top of the letter, meanwhile sans-serif fonts have smooth lettering with no hanging-over edges.\
\
12. Which of the following is a hexadecimal code?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 #FFCC33 (This is the hexadecimal code.)
\f0\b0 \
123,543,242\
101010101\
- 213}